README.md, before:

# sbt-coveralls

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/scoverage/sbt-coveralls.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/scoverage/sbt-coveralls)
[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-Apache%202-blue.svg)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/scoverage/sbt-coveralls](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/scoverage/sbt-coveralls?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/org.scoverage/sbt-coveralls.svg?label=latest%20release"/>](http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Ca%3A%22sbt-coveralls%22)

SBT plugin that uploads scala code coverage to [https://coveralls.io](https://coveralls.io) and integrates with [Travis CI](#travis-ci-integration). This plugin uses [scoverage](https://github.com/scoverage/scalac-scoverage-plugin/) to generate the code coverage metrics.

For an example project that uses this plugin [click here](https://github.com/scoverage/sbt-scoverage-samples).
For example output [click here](https://coveralls.io/r/scoverage/scoverage-samples)

## Installation

1) Add the following to your `project/build.sbt` file

```scala

addSbtPlugin("org.scoverage" % "sbt-scoverage" % "1.5.1")

addSbtPlugin("org.scoverage" % "sbt-coveralls" % "1.2.7")
```

2) Setup coveralls configuration options (such as [Specifying Your Repo Token](#specifying-your-repo-token))

3) Register on `https://coveralls.io/`

4) Follow the instructions for either [Travis CI](#travis-ci-integration) or [Manual Usage](#manual-usage)

## Travis CI Integration

`sbt-coveralls` can be run by [Travis CI](https://docs.travis-ci.com/) by following these instructions:

1) Add the following to your `travis.yml`

       script: "sbt clean coverage test"
       after_success: "sbt coverageReport coveralls"

   If you have a multi-module project, perform `coverageAggregate`
   [as a separate command](https://github.com/scoverage/sbt-scoverage#multi-project-reports)

       script:
         - sbt clean coverage test coverageReport &&
           sbt coverageAggregate
       after_success:
         - sbt coveralls

2) Job done! Commit these changes to `travis.yml` to kick off your Travis build and you should see coverage reports appear on https://coveralls.io/

## Manual Usage

1)  Get the repo token for your repo from http://coveralls.io

1) Let `sbt-coveralls` know what your coveralls repo token is. See [Specifying Your Repo Token](#specifying-your-repo-token)

2) In the SBT console, run `coverage` then your tests finishing with `coveralls`. After running the command, you should see output similar to the following:

       Uploading to coveralls.io succeeded: Job #17.1
       https://coveralls.io/jobs/12207

For example output [click here](https://coveralls.io/builds/6727)

## Specifying Your Repo Token

There are several ways to tell `sbt-coveralls` your repo token to support different use cases:

### Write your repo token into a file

Add the following to your `build.sbt`. The path can be absolute and point to somewhere outside the project or relative and point somewhere inside the project (such as `src/main/resources/token.txt`).

Just remember: **Do not store repo tokens inside your project if it is in a public git repository!**

```scala
import org.scoverage.coveralls.Imports.CoverallsKeys._

coverallsTokenFile := "/path/to/my/repo/token.txt"
```

### Put your repo token directly in your `build.sbt`

**Do not store repo tokens inside your project if it is in a public git repository!**

```scala
import org.scoverage.coveralls.Imports.CoverallsKeys._

coverallsToken := Some("my-token")
```

### Add an environment variable

Add an environment variable `COVERALLS_REPO_TOKEN`, for example:

    export COVERALLS_REPO_TOKEN=my-token

## Specifying Your Coveralls Endpoint

If you're using https://coveralls.io as your endpoint, then you don't need to set this option. If you're using a hosted (enterprise) instance of coveralls, you will need to specify your endpoint in one of two ways.

### Put your endpoint directly in your `build.sbt`

```scala
import org.scoverage.coveralls.Imports.CoverallsKeys._

coverallsEndpoint := Some("http://my-instance.com")
```

### Add an environment variable

Add an environment variable `COVERALLS_ENDPOINT`, for example:

    export COVERALLS_ENDPOINT=http://my-instance.com

## Overriding the current branch

By default `sbt-coveralls` uses the currently checked-out branch for reporting. To override the branch name add the `CI_BRANCH` variable, for example:

    export CI_BRANCH=my-branch-name

## Specifying Source File Encoding

`sbt-coveralls` finds the encoding in `scalacOptions` setting value.
If not defined it assumes source files are encoded using platform-specific encoding.
To specify encoding, add the following to your `build.sbt`

```scala
scalacOptions += Seq("-encoding", "UTF-8")
```

## Using Travis-Pro

It is important to set the correct `service_name` when using Travis-Pro.  The default is to use `travis-ci`.  To override this value, add the following to your `build.sbt`

```scala
import org.scoverage.coveralls.Imports.CoverallsKeys._

coverallsServiceName := Some("travis-pro")
```

# License

`sbt-coveralls` is open source software released under the [Apache 2 License](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

Commit message:

Support COVERALLS_PARALLEL for parallel builds
This sets the optional parallel field in the coverage API, allowing
people to upload from multiple jobs in parallel. There's an API
endpoint that needs to be posted once all jobs are finished.

Fixes: #125

README.md, after:

# sbt-coveralls

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/scoverage/sbt-coveralls.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/scoverage/sbt-coveralls)
[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-Apache%202-blue.svg)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/scoverage/sbt-coveralls](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/scoverage/sbt-coveralls?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/org.scoverage/sbt-coveralls.svg?label=latest%20release"/>](http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Ca%3A%22sbt-coveralls%22)

SBT plugin that uploads scala code coverage to [https://coveralls.io](https://coveralls.io) and integrates with [Travis CI](#travis-ci-integration). This plugin uses [scoverage](https://github.com/scoverage/scalac-scoverage-plugin/) to generate the code coverage metrics.

For an example project that uses this plugin [click here](https://github.com/scoverage/sbt-scoverage-samples).
For example output [click here](https://coveralls.io/r/scoverage/scoverage-samples)

## Installation

1) Add the following to your `project/build.sbt` file

```scala

addSbtPlugin("org.scoverage" % "sbt-scoverage" % "1.5.1")

addSbtPlugin("org.scoverage" % "sbt-coveralls" % "1.2.7")
```

2) Setup coveralls configuration options (such as [Specifying Your Repo Token](#specifying-your-repo-token))

3) Register on `https://coveralls.io/`

4) Follow the instructions for either [Travis CI](#travis-ci-integration) or [Manual Usage](#manual-usage)

## Travis CI Integration

`sbt-coveralls` can be run by [Travis CI](https://docs.travis-ci.com/) by following these instructions:

1) Add the following to your `travis.yml`

       script: "sbt clean coverage test"
       after_success: "sbt coverageReport coveralls"

   If you have a multi-module project, perform `coverageAggregate`
   [as a separate command](https://github.com/scoverage/sbt-scoverage#multi-project-reports)

       script:
         - sbt clean coverage test coverageReport &&
           sbt coverageAggregate
       after_success:
         - sbt coveralls

2) Job done! Commit these changes to `travis.yml` to kick off your Travis build and you should see coverage reports appear on https://coveralls.io/

## Manual Usage

1)  Get the repo token for your repo from http://coveralls.io

1) Let `sbt-coveralls` know what your coveralls repo token is. See [Specifying Your Repo Token](#specifying-your-repo-token)

2) In the SBT console, run `coverage` then your tests finishing with `coveralls`. After running the command, you should see output similar to the following:

       Uploading to coveralls.io succeeded: Job #17.1
       https://coveralls.io/jobs/12207

For example output [click here](https://coveralls.io/builds/6727)

## Specifying Your Repo Token

There are several ways to tell `sbt-coveralls` your repo token to support different use cases:

### Write your repo token into a file

Add the following to your `build.sbt`. The path can be absolute and point to somewhere outside the project or relative and point somewhere inside the project (such as `src/main/resources/token.txt`).

Just remember: **Do not store repo tokens inside your project if it is in a public git repository!**

```scala
import org.scoverage.coveralls.Imports.CoverallsKeys._

coverallsTokenFile := "/path/to/my/repo/token.txt"
```

### Put your repo token directly in your `build.sbt`

**Do not store repo tokens inside your project if it is in a public git repository!**

```scala
import org.scoverage.coveralls.Imports.CoverallsKeys._

coverallsToken := Some("my-token")
```

### Add an environment variable

Add an environment variable `COVERALLS_REPO_TOKEN`, for example:

    export COVERALLS_REPO_TOKEN=my-token

## Specifying Your Coveralls Endpoint

If you're using https://coveralls.io as your endpoint, then you don't need to set this option. If you're using a hosted (enterprise) instance of coveralls, you will need to specify your endpoint in one of two ways.

### Put your endpoint directly in your `build.sbt`

```scala
import org.scoverage.coveralls.Imports.CoverallsKeys._

coverallsEndpoint := Some("http://my-instance.com")
```

### Add an environment variable

Add an environment variable `COVERALLS_ENDPOINT`, for example:

    export COVERALLS_ENDPOINT=http://my-instance.com

## Overriding the current branch

By default `sbt-coveralls` uses the currently checked-out branch for reporting. To override the branch name add the `CI_BRANCH` variable, for example:

    export CI_BRANCH=my-branch-name

## Specifying Source File Encoding

`sbt-coveralls` finds the encoding in `scalacOptions` setting value.
If not defined it assumes source files are encoded using platform-specific encoding.
To specify encoding, add the following to your `build.sbt`

```scala
scalacOptions += Seq("-encoding", "UTF-8")
```

## Uploading coverage from multiple jobs in parallel

Coveralls supports multiple CI jobs recording and uploading coverage, if a special flag is set and [a webhook](https://docs.coveralls.io/parallel-build-webhook) is posted once all jobs are complete.

### Put the flag directly in your `build.sbt`

``` scala
import org.scoverage.coveralls.Imports.CoverallsKeys._

coverallsParallel := true
```

### Add an environment variable

Add an environment variable `COVERALLS_PARALLEL`, for example:

    export COVERALLS_PARALLEL=true

## Using Travis-Pro

It is important to set the correct `service_name` when using Travis-Pro.  The default is to use `travis-ci`.  To override this value, add the following to your `build.sbt`

```scala
import org.scoverage.coveralls.Imports.CoverallsKeys._

coverallsServiceName := Some("travis-pro")
```

# License

`sbt-coveralls` is open source software released under the [Apache 2 License](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).
